Even the greatest cities in the world lack a certain balance when it comes to the geographical distribution of their citizens.
There are always those neighborhoods where everybody wants to live and the real estate is highly valued. On the other
hand, there are neighborhoods that are less populated and usually considered as the choice of those who cannot afford
the former. This imbalance creates a variance in population density, making some parts of the city over crowded while others 
have plenty of space – a major problem when it comes to infrastructure utilization and investments.

Although there are many forces in play here (among which are geographical properties, social economics, pollution etc),
one of the key factors is the level of services\goods available in the neighborhood. We all need some essentials in our
day-to-day life and we need them close by, preferably in a walking distance. It’s true that we can take a bus or the metro
and get there after spending another 20 min (if the public transport is efficient). However, with people being so busy
nowadays and so used to instant digital response – a service or a product offered even 20 min away might be too demanding.

Now you might think to yourself, “this is a free market we’re talking about! private businesses will seize the opportunity of
having some more revenue if they only get the chance to do so. If they are not expanding their operations to these neighborhoods,
it means they see no potential there”. There’s some truth in this saying but the problem is a bit more complex in my opinion
and suffer from the ‘chicken and egg’ effect. Not enough people -> services are not extended -> not enough people in that place.

If we would have been able to list those core services and products and segment the different neighborhoods according to
what is missing in them - It would have been possible to offer that information to various stakeholders. They, in turn, can 
Influence the neighborhoods’ value and attract more citizens to it.
